# Functions and Nested Loops

0. [Task 0](#task0)
1. [Task 1](#task1)
2. [Task 2](#task2)
3. [Task 3](#task3)
4. [Task 4](#task4)
5. [Task 5](#task5)
6. [Task 6](#task6)
7. [Task 7](#task7)
8. [Task 8](#task8)
9. [Task 9](#task9)
10. [Task 10](#task10)
11. [Task 11](#task11)
12. [Task 12](#task12)
13. [Task 13](#task13)
14. [Task 14](#task14)
15. [Task 15](#task15)
16. [Task 16](#task16)


## Task 0.<a name="task0"></a> \_putchar
Write a program that prints \_putchar, followed by a new line.
- The program should return 0

## Task 1.<a name="task1"></a> I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game
Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
- You can only use \_putchar twice in your code
 
## Task 2.<a name="task2"></a> 10x alphabet
Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- Prototype: void print_alphabet_x10(void);
- You can only use \_putchar twice in your code

## Task 3.<a name="task3"></a> islower
Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- Prototype: int \_islower(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is lowercase
- Returns 0 otherwise
> FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: islower. Run man islower to learn more.

## Task 4.<a name="task4"></a> isalpha
Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- Prototype: int \_isalpha(int c);
- Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
- Returns 0 otherwise
> FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isalpha. Run man isalpha to learn more.

## Task 5.<a name="task5"></a> Sign
Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- Prototype: int print_sign(int n);
- Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
- Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
- Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

## Task 6.<a name="task6"></a> There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
- Prototype: int \_abs(int);
> FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: abs. Run man abs to learn more.

## Task 7.<a name="task7"></a> There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- Prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
- Returns the value of the last digit
 
## Task 8.<a name="task8"></a> I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
- Prototype: void jack_bauer(void);
- You can listen to [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btAfXqgMkPs) while coding :)

## Task 9.<a name="task9"></a> Learn your times table
Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
- Prototype: void times_table(void);

## Task 10.<a name="task10"></a> a + b
Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
- Prototype: int add(int, int);

## Task 11.<a name="task11"></a> 98 Battery Street, the OG
Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
- Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
- Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
- Numbers should be printed in order
- The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
- The last printed number should be 98
- You are allowed to use the standard library

## Task 12.<a name="task12"></a> The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
- Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
- If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

## Task 13.<a name="task13"></a> Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
- You are allowed to use the standard library

## Task 14.<a name="task14"></a> In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library

## Task 15.<a name="task15"></a> Even Liber Abbaci
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
- You are allowed to use the standard library

## Task 16.<a name="task16"></a>  In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library
- You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
- You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
- You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
